Welcome back to Philosophy Battle. Today we will be paying witness to a great series of battles in philosophy,
where we're going to cover an attempt to show a universal conception of rationality.
But first, who would even believe there can be alternative rationalities in the first place?
That rationality could be relative. And what does that even mean?
We will discuss the major sources from where relativism about rationality even comes from.
And we'll show how philosopher Paul O'Grady will accommodate the relativism that is from
these sources away from being about rationality to showing they really just show support for
relativism in other areas of philosophy where he has already demonstrated being quite open to
relativism, such as conceptual relativity or ontological relativity. So because he's going
to do that kind of thing in the first section of this video, I think it's pretty important to
explain something first. I hope you don't mind. But if you don't know, this video is actually
the final big battle Paul O'Grady is going to have after covering relativism in many different
areas of philosophy in cognitive areas, not things like moral relativism, whether something's
right and wrong or beauty, if that's